[Docs] update FAQs for B2C (#2631)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-core/docs/FAQ.md

Token lifetimes are 1 hour and the session lifetime is 24 hours. This means that if no requests have been made in 24 hours, you will need to login again before requesting a new token.

## Why is the accessToken field in the response empty?

> If you are sending `clientId` as the scope, you are requesting scopes for `openid` and `profile`, which are **ID token** scopes. Previously, MSAL.js would get an **ID token** and put it into the `accessToken` and `idToken` fields (both with the same value). We have since changed that behavior to be in-line with what the AAD/B2C server is sending back. Now MSAL.js gets the same **ID token** but puts it under `idToken` field and leaves the `accessToken` field empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are requesting scopes `clientId`, `openid` and/or `profile`, these are **ID token** scopes. Previously, in versions <1.4.0, MSAL.js would get an **ID token** and put it into the `accessToken` and `idToken` fields (both with the same value). In version 1.4.0 this behavior was changed to be in-line with what the AAD/B2C server is sending back. Now MSAL.js gets the same **ID token** but puts it under `idToken` field and leaves the `accessToken` field empty. If you need an access token you should request a scope other than `clientId`, `openid` or `profile`
```

MSAL.js will only process tokens which it originally requested. If your flow requires that you send a user a link they can use to sign up, you will need to ensure that the link points to your app, not the B2C service directly. An example flow can be seen in the [working with B2C](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/working-with-b2c.md) doc.

## I used to be able to get an access token when using acquireTokenSilent with clientId as scope, now I can't. Why?

> If you are sending `clientId` as the scope, you are requesting scopes for `openid` and `profile`, which are **ID token** scopes.

Reviewer: I would suggest making this more general than just B2C specific. i.e. `Why is the idToken or accessToken field in the response empty?` and and move this into either the `Tokens` section or the `Scopes and Resources` section.

Author: I had the impression that this is a quirk with the B2C server. Will confirm with AAD sample and revise accordingly 
cc @hectormmg

Author: done!

MSAL.js will only process tokens which it originally requested. If your flow requires that you send a user a link they can use to sign up, you will need to ensure that the link points to your app, not the B2C service directly. An example flow can be seen in the [working with B2C](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/working-with-b2c.md) doc.

> ## I used to be able to get an access token when using acquireTokenSilent with clientId as scope, now I can't. Why?

Reviewer: This can now be removed since the section above covers it. Or just link to the above if you feel like keeping it.

Author: my bad. done!
